Update manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md (#3651)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md

[Manage add-ins in the admin center](manage-addins-in-the-admin-center.md)

> [Building Office Add-ins](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/quickstarts/word-quickstart?tabs=yeomangenerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Build your first Word task pane add-in](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/quickstarts/word-quickstart?tabs=yeomangenerator).
```
